Architecture Diagrams (#201)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-architecture-uc3.adoc

= Use Case 3: Non-Organization Owned API Exposed to an Organization-Owned API Consumer
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> Use case three covers all patterns of a non-organization owned API exposed to an organization-owned API consumer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use case three covers all patterns of a scenario in which a non-organization-owned API is exposed to an organization-owned API consumer.
```

Use case examples:

> * A payments service needs to obtain exchange rates from an external service provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A payments service must obtain exchange rates from an external service provider.
```

> * An internal API Consumer accesses the organization’s external ServiceNow instance (SaaS service)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An internal API Consumer accesses the organization’s external ServiceNow instance (SaaS service).
```

== Pattern 7: Non-Organization External API exposed to an Organization Internal Consumer
In pattern seven, you deploy Flex Gateway as an egress controller. You can use Flex Gateway to monitor, control, and enrich the flows to external services. Additionally, you can rate limit external access and track metrics and analytics.

image:ad-uc-1-p-3.png[Flex Gateway acts as an egress controller to monitor incoming traffic from the external API.]

> The following diagram shows the physical implementation of a non-organization external API exposed to an organization internal consumer on Kubernetes. The diagram assumes that the firewall terminates the incoming non-organization external mTLS connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram shows the physical implementation of a scenario in which a non-organization external API is exposed to an organization internal consumer on Kubernetes. The diagram assumes that the firewall terminates the incoming non-organization external mTLS connection.
```

image:ad-uc-3-p-7-physical.png[A detailed view of pattern, which contains the necessary services to support Flex gateway]

== Pattern 8: Non-Organization External API exposed to an Organization External Consumer

> In pattern eight, Flex Gateway acts as an intermediary between two organization external entities. Flex Gateway runs as an ingress and egress controller applying secure communication and policy enforcement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In pattern eight, Flex Gateway acts as an intermediary between two organization external entities. Flex Gateway runs as an ingress and egress controller that applies secure communication and policy enforcement.
```

image:ad-uc-1-p-8.png[Flex Gateway acts as an intermediary between an external application and external API.]

> The following diagram shows the physical implementation of external non-organization API exposed to an organization external consumer on Kubernetes. The diagram assumes that the firewall terminates the incoming external mTLS connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram shows the physical implementation of a scenario in which an external non-organization API is exposed to an organization external consumer on Kubernetes. The diagram assumes that the firewall terminates the incoming external mTLS connection.
```
